Stone-Weierstrass theorem
-------------------------

This article gives a formal statement of the Stone-Weierstrass theorem.  For Wikipedia's
description, see
`Stone-Weierstrass theorem <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stone%E2%80%93Weierstrass_theorem>`_.

There are several versions of this theorem.

Informal statement

   Suppose  (f:[a,b]→ ℝ)  is a [continuous] function.
   For every ε > 0, there exists a univariate polynomial p
   such that for all x in [a, b], we have | f (x) − p(x)| < ε.

.. code-block:: text

  notation:
  (f : continuous, function [a,b] ℝ)
  (ε : positive, ℝ)

  theorem Weierstrass_approximation_theorem :=
  There exists (p : polynomial, function [a,b] ℝ),
  for all (x ∈ [a,b]),
  real_abs (f x - p x) < ε

Informal statement

  **Stone–Weierstrass Theorem (complex numbers).**
  Let X be a compact Hausdorff space and let A be a star subalgebra of 
  of C(X, C) which is unital, closed, and separates points. Then
  A is dense in C(X, C).

.. code-block:: text
  
   notation:
   (X : compact, Hausdorff, topological space)
   (C : C-star-algebra st 
   { carrier := universe(continuous, function X ℂ);
   norm f := sup { real_abs(f x) : x ∈ X };
   star f x := conj (f x) })

   theorem Stone-Weierstrass_Theorem_complex_numbers :=
   forevery (A : point-separating, unital, closed, star-subalgebra C),
   (A = C)

For wiki's definition, see ``C*``-`algebra <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C*-algebra>`_.

Notes
=====

* C has a unital ``*``-algebra structure from pointwise operations on ``function X ℂ``.
* The subset S separates points, then the algebra it generates separates points.
* The unital ``*``-algebra generated by S has been replaced with any unital ``*``-algebra containing S.
* Density has been replaced with closure.
* If A is a unital ``*``-algebra then its closure is. We can replace A with its closure.
* The complex unital ``*``-algebra generated by S consists of the algebra generated by S, 1, and closed under conjugation.
* This theorem includes the case when ``K`` is the empty set and ``C={0}`` is the trivial algebra with ``0=1``.

